Update blog post reference link for erlay with OpenSats topic (#821)
OpenSats/website: data/blog/gleb-naumenko-receives-lts-grant.mdx

as a developer, lies mostly on the P2P aspects of Bitcoin Core.

The two most significant projects he is working on right now are

> [Erlay](/topics/erlay) and [asmap](https://dunxen.dev/asmap/). As the author of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Erlay](/topics/erlay) and [asmap](/projects/asmap). As the author of
```

Old link is broken, we can link to our internal project page
